.TH statsgen "1" "PPACK Commands" "November 2020" "PPACK Commands"

.SH "NAME"
statsgen \-

.SH "SYNOPSIS"
\fBstatsgen\fR [\fIOPTIONS\fR...]

.SH "DESCRIPTION"
.PP
Generate statistics to generated optimal masks.

.SH "OPTIONS"

.TP "10"

\f3\-w\fP\f3,\fP \f3\-\-wordlist\fP
Wordlist file to analize.
.IP

\f3\-o\fP\f3,\fP \f3\-\-output\fP
This file contains all the generated masks and they occurrence  that meet all requirements that we have entered.
.IP

.TP
\f3\-i \fP\f3, \fP \f3\-\-input\fP\
Input File. This one contains all the requiements for policygen, so this file can be used instead of all the requirement flags.
.IP


.TP
\fP \f3\-\-scs\fP
Simple charset.
.IP

.TP
\fP \f3\-\-acs\fP
Advance charset.
.IP

.TP
\fP \f3\-\-minlength\fP
Minimum masks' length.
.IP

.TP
\fP \f3\-\-maxlength\fP
Maximum masks' length.
.IP



.TP
\f3\-q\fP\f3,\fP \f3\-\-quiet\fP
Ocult the PPACK's banner.
.IP

.TP
\f3\-\-pretty\fP
Print the result in a pretty format.
.IP

.TP
\fP \f3\-\-hiderare\fP
Hide masks with a occurence percent lower than 1%.
.IP


.SH "EXAMPLES"
This examples ilustrate the use of \f3statsgen\fP:
.RS
.PP
.nf
.ft 3
$ statsgen --wordlist john.txt --output john.masks --minlength 3


.ft 1
.fi
.RE
.PP
This example ilustrate how to enter  \f3statsgen\fP requiments using a \f3ini\fP file, because
sometime there are a lot of requirements:
.RS
.PP
.nf
.ft 3
$ statsgen -i filter.ini

.PP
\fIfilter.ini\fR
        [statsgen]
        WORDLIST="weak.txt"
        OUTPUT="weak.masks"
        HIDERARE=true
        QUIET=false
        SCS={"loweralpha, mixalphanum"}
        ACS={"alphaspecial, numspecial"}
        MINLENGTH=5
        MAXLENGTH=8
        
.TP
\f3Note:\fP
.PP
The ini file no necessary will hace an unique section \fIstatsgen\fR instead it can have diferent sections but the \f3statsgen\fP section will be the unique read.


.ft 1
.fi
.RE
.PP
This example ilustrate how to run statsgen with 4 threads\fIopenmp\fR:
.RS
.PP
.nf
.ft 3
# export OMP_NUM_THREADS=4
$ statsgen --wordlist john.txt --output john.masks --minlength 3
$ policygen -i filter.ini
