.TH policygen "1" "PPACK Commands" "November 2020" "PPACK Commands"

.SH "NAME"
policygen \-

.SH "SYNOPSIS"
\fBpolicygen\fR [\fIOPTIONS\fR...]

.SH "DESCRIPTION"
.PP
Generate masks that meet certain requirements to attack passwords, instead
of use brute force to attack them.

.SH "OPTIONS"

.TP "10"
\f3\-o\fP\f3,\fP \f3\-\-output\fP
This file contains all the generated masks that meet all requirements that we have enetered.
.IP

.TP
\f3\-i \fP\f3, \fP \f3\-\-input\fP\
Input File. This one contains all the requiements for policygen, so this file can be used instead of all the requirement flags.
.IP


.TP
\f3\-q\fP\f3,\fP \f3\-\-quiet\fP
Ocult the PPACK's banner.
.IP

.TP
\fP \f3\-\-show\fP
Show the generated masks.
.IP

.TP
\fP \f3\-\-minlength\fP
Minimum masks' length.
.IP

.TP
\fP \f3\-\-maxlength\fP
Maximum masks' length.
.IP


.TP
\fP \f3\-\-minlower\fP
Minimum number of lowercase characters.
.IP

.TP
\fP \f3\-\-maxlower\fP
Maximum number of lowercase characters.
.IP


.TP
\fP \f3\-\-minupper\fP
Minimum number of uppercase characters.
.IP

.TP
\fP \f3\-\-maxupper\fP
Maximum number of uppercase characters.
.IP


.TP
\fP \f3\-\-mindigit\fP
Minimum number of digits.
.IP

.TP
\fP \f3\-\-maxdigits\fP
Maximum number of digits.
.IP


.TP
\fP \f3\-\-minspecial\fP
Minimum number of special characters.
.IP

.TP
\fP \f3\-\-maxspecial\fP
Maximum number of special characters.
.IP


.SH "EXAMPLES"
This examples ilustrate the use of \f3policygen\fP requirements':
.RS
.PP
.nf
.ft 3
$ policygen --minlength 3 --maxlength 4 --minlower 2 --maxspecial 3 -o custom_attack.hcmasks


.ft 1
.fi
.RE
.PP
This example ilustrate how to enter  \f3policygen\fP requiments using a \f3json\fP file, because
sometime there are a lot of requirements:
.RS
.PP
.nf
.ft 3
$ policygen -i requirements.json

.PP
\fIrequiements.json\fR
{
    "policygen":{
        "output":"custom_attack.hcmask",
        "quiet":"false",
        "show":"true",
        "minlength":0,
        "maxlength":-1,
        "minlower":0,
        "maxlower":-1,
        "minupper":-1,
        "maxupper":-1,
        "mindigit":-1,
        "maxdigit":-1,
        "minspecial":-1,
        "maxspecial":-1,
    }
}

.TP
\f3Note:\fP
.PP
The json file no necessary will hace an unique section \fIpolicygen\fR instead it can have several but \f3policygen\fP only is going to read \fIpolicygen\fR section.


.ft 1
.fi
.RE
.PP
This example ilustrate how to run policygen with \fImpirun\fR:
.RS
.PP
.nf
.ft 3
$ mpirun -n 4 policygen --minlength 3 --maxlength 4 --minlower 2 --maxspecial 3 -o custom_attack.hcmasks
$ mpiruin -n 4 policygen -i requirements.json
